c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\WebApplication8.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\WebApplication8.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\WebApplication8.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\obj\Debug\WebApplication8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\obj\Debug\WebApplication8.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication8\WebApplication8\obj\Debug\WebApplication8.pdb
